Don't be afraid don't be afraid
I won't let anything happen to you.
Grandpa, you came sooner than I expected
Maybe I didn't expect the original Wanjiu Ghost
To have such ability
What do you want?
What do we want?
I want you to die.
OK
I know you let my wife and children go
I'll do whatever you want.
No.
Let the child go
I will die for Li Yi
Ok ok
You trust me.
OK
I can give you this chance.
You come over now
I'll let you go right away
Ah!
Ok ok ok
Stop
Go to hell.
Uh-huh.
I want you dead.
It's scary that you don't have this chance
The Xu family became famous
Honey, don't catch a cold.
You move the fetal gas again
This is my baby
What about me?
You?
It's my life.